=pod

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::AppendExternalData - Append data to gathered files

=head1 VERSION

version 0.003

=head1 SYNOPSIS

   [AppendExternalData]
   source_dir = pod       ; required
   prune_source_dir = 1   ; default

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This L<Dist::Zilla> plugin appends files in a directory to files being
gathered for the distribution.

When using this plugin, be thoughtful about the order in which you want
files to be modified.  For example, if you are appending Pod, it makes
a big difference if you append before or after a plugin like
C<<< PodWeaver >>>.  If you list this plugin first, the Pod will be appended
before weaving and the added Pod will wind up in the middle of the generated
Pod.  If this plugin is listed last, the Pod will be appended after
weaving and will follow the generated Pod from C<<< PodWeaver >>>.

If appending a C<<< __DATA__ >>> section, be sure to put this plugin last
among plugins that modify your files.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 source_dir (REQUIRED)

This is the directory containing data to append.
Files within this directory that have the same relative names as
modules and executables will have their contents appended.  E.g.
if C<source_dir> is F<pod>, then F<pod/lib/Foo.pm> will be appended
to F<lib/Foo.pm>.  If a gathered file does not match a file in the
source directory or vice-versa, it will not altered and is not
considered an error.

=head2 prune_source_dir

This is a boolean that indicates whether the C<source_dir> should also be
pruned from the distribution. The default is 1.

=for Pod::Coverage prune_files munge_files munge_file

=head1 CAVEAT

This is a proof-of-concept and does not yet have any tests of its behavior.

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-AppendExternalData>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/dist-zilla-plugin-appendexternaldata>

  git clone https://github.com/dagolden/dist-zilla-plugin-appendexternaldata.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2012 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

